To set up a custom penetrator:

Run the Penetrator Setup Tool at Tools > Raliv > Create Penetrator.

Drag your Custom Penetrator Model from the scene into the "My Model" slot.

Drag the White Base dot to the center of the base of the model (Everything in front of that dot will move during penetration).

Drag the Blue Tip dot to the center of the tip of your model.

Press "Generate Custom Model!".


Manual Model Setup:

Remove all bones and make sure the mesh is not a child component of an armature or another object in blender.

Position your mesh in blender with the penetrator's tip facing toward the positive Z axis (This is straight up to the sky). It's origin should be in the center of the base. Everything above the origin will deform, and everything below will not.

Apply all transforms with Object > Apply > All Transforms.

Export to Unity. and Place it into the prefab with the default penetrator.

Set its position and rotation to 0,0,0 and 0,0,0. (It should now point the same direction as the default penetrator)

hide or delete the default penetrator.

Set the scale to 1, 1, 1.

It might be the wrong scale now! Simply select the asset and adjust it's Scale Factor until it is back to an appropriate size (You might need 0.01 or 100).

Apply the Penetrator material to it.

Adjust the length slider to the length of your penetrator (I suggest turning it to zero, and slowly raising it until the entire penetrator shows).

Adjust the light intensity to the same length value.

When Modeling your own penetrator, it needs to be quite straight. Curvature can be added with the curvature sliders.


COMMON ISSUES
Scale is not 1, 1, 1:
Set the scale to 1,1,1 and adjust it to your liking with the asset's Scale Factor option.

It deforms really weird:
Ensure the position and rotation of your model are 0,0,0 and 0,0,0.

It is pointing the wrong direction:
Go back to blender and ensure it is not bone animated or in an object hierarchy, and that the tip points toward positive Z (the sky)

A whole lot of crazy stuff is happening:
Maybe you updated from an old version and need to delete the Dynamic Penetration System folder and install the new one fresh.
Maybe something I did not anticipate is happening, Send me a message and I will do my best to help!